everything was going great with
Sheffield United we were winning games
and I was scoring goals and all of a
sudden it happened
I hit a slump next thing you know we're
losing matches getting draws and I tried
everything even headers I'm 6 54 you
think the header would win right nothing
was getting past a keeper the rain
didn't make it any better and I'm
sitting there struggling thinking to
myself what I gotta do
teammates are falling down getting hurt
I'm taking on two men a lot I gotta
think of something maybe if I changed my
number back to what it's supposed to be
and that's 24 maybe I'll get my swagger
back we'll find out today let's see how
this game goes
me
what's good everybody I'm back again
with another video I get this question
all the time what difficult to go I'll
play on I play on legendary if you
actually checked before the intro goes
in you can see that screen where it says
legendary but right here I get a chip
through ball and I'm one-on-one with a
defender blow right by him putting it in
the top right corner
in the upper 90 with the left foot for
my first goal with the new number Jeff
Phil United try to take 24 away from me
what in the world were they thinking
so we go right back into the match
one-nil lead after that great goal by me
I got a chance and I take on three
defenders and I have nothing with it now
what teammate gets the ball but they are
able to get the clearance right there
with the great defense inside of their
own box and now I'm calling in for a
cross but I cannot get to it
keeper comes out and grabs that maybe I
should do you know attack that better
but now I'm pushing it up the line and
I'm able to draw a foul right here give
me some white ankle tape I need to
unlock some more things man I hate
wearing these generic shoes and things
like that I really got to show you guys
on dates on what I got so far and how
far away I am in it
and now I get it after the heavy touch
bata defender and I'm able to spy that
under the keeper for another goal come
on man is to Jersey it's the kid it's
number 24
two goals in the first half and a
beautiful through ball right here to the
right winger he's trying to take his
shot but instead he goes for the cross
and nothing is there
I'm still trying to call for hopefully
my teammate to see me the hatchery guys
that answer again and you would think
they would try to find me they go away
from me and now we paint after a
beautiful counter-attack by them they
put one in the back of the net on our
keeper glad we got that insurance go
about me now because we could have blown
this game if we have had a loss out
there I had a great performance I
probably would be pissed right now
but now I have it in the middle of the
pitch beautiful ball to my teammate
who's able to try to whip it across and
they get to it and get the clearance now
it's late in the match horrible defense
by us and they are able to put it away
after the defender had a heavy touch
over his own just like there's the so
it's all fair game so now it's two to
two and it seems like my goals were used
now as we are able to get out of here
with a drawl without further damage
because our defense just fell apart at
the end and I don't know what else I got
to do guys we're gonna check the stats
out after the game you're gonna show
that to you and you guys gotta let me
know what I need to do to get better and
I'll have an update video out real soon
for you guys I haven't showed you that
yet but I'm gonna get you one soon y'all
be good I'll have another video out real
soon
you